our eggs is bad a few is smoking man
ain't that some BS s talk about some
one-sided vs because I want to give you
the true and honest information because
I am The Herald of accurately I'm not
some media person that jumps on things I
don't know anything about here's the
deal what the study said was eating more
eggs may increase carotid plaque build
up yet the media takes that the may
increase they ignore may increase it
makes a huge deal and that's something
they don't get that they know nothing
about and they taking they put the scare
in people and here's the thing at the
rudiment this study is so flawed the
three researchers I did it to then have
very large ties to the Staten industry
that is right the pharmaceutical
industry for cholesterol blood pressure
the stat industry that harms provided
two of them had so many love to research
which had large large ties that so do
you really think they're going to give
you an us and fair evaluation I want to
tell you what this study actually is
you'll be even more disgusting at it
because it's honestly BS eggs are
perfectly healthy for you there is not a
cholesterol issue assume you don't need
a dozen every day all week and on top of
that they're high in protein high and
choline which is essential for brain
health various other micronutrients and
digestive enzymes but here's other
issues with the study it's not like they
took two groups and measured how many
eggs they ate over six months there were
two groups they were asked to remember
how many eggs they were eight over a
given time period no WTF guys what the
frig because if you ask me how many eggs
I ate last week I'll tell you well I
know I had two or three last Sunday for
breakfast I think I had two on tuesday I
might have had two on Thursday you don't
remember that but here's the thing the
group of people that ate the most eggs
were also the oldest it is accepted
medical fact that the older you get the
more likelihood you're going to have a
plaque buildup yet the researchers
should more eggs more plaque plus the
group that had more plaque were also
smokers as we're both groups so may not
agree more plaque with smoking and there
were closer to diabetes now do you
honestly think that someone that does
the same practices that brings in the
diabetes is going to have our period
plaque buildup of course they probably
ate Donuts they probably a cake they
probably nice creampie ate all that
stuff that will kill you yet they're the
one saying it's got a guinea eggs
this is pure BS guys do not fall for
this trap eat your eggs they are very
healthy for you they're fine d please
share this with your family your friends
on your Facebook Twitter comment it
because I really want to get the
positive truth out the people to help
people because if people stay with my
healthy food at they'll and click the
link below to check out my physique
formula it is my diet that i wrote to
get you guys out of the calorie counting
low-carb diet approaches you can do a 10
day trial of my physique formula for
just 495 if you like it keep it if not
you'll never be billed again but this is
the diet to get you over that hump to
lose stubborn body fat by targeting your
hormones in a natural way and getting
you out of the calorie counting
restricting food methods of eating that
doesn't work so to get ripped into fine
WWF is a formula calm later